**General Services Administration **

Federal Acquisition Service  
Technology Transformation Services

1800 F St NW \| Washington, DC \| 20405

Request for Quotation

Solicitation Number

{{Solicitation-Number}}

**From:** Michelle McNellis, Contracting Officer, GSA TTS  
**Subject:** Request for Quotation (RFQ)

**Date:** Month DD, Year  
**Reply By:** **Month DD, 2018** **4:00 pm EST**

**Set Aside:** None

**Contract Vehicle:** GSA Schedule 70 Special Item Number (SIN) 132 51
Information Technology Professional Services (IT PS)

[<span class="underline">1.0 Instructions</span>](#instructions)

[<span class="underline">2.0 Background</span>](#background)

[<span class="underline">3.0 Requirements</span>](#requirements)

[<span class="underline">4.0 Evaluation Criteria and Basis for
Award</span>](#evaluation-criteria-and-basis-for-award)

[<span class="underline">5.0 Evaluation
Process</span>](#evaluation-process)

[<span class="underline">6.0 Period of
Performance</span>](#period-of-performance)

[<span class="underline">7.0 Type of Contract</span>](#type-of-contract)

[<span class="underline">8.0 Invoicing</span>](#invoicing)

[<span class="underline">9.0 Administration</span>](#administration)

[<span class="underline">10.0 Post Award and Kickoff
Meeting</span>](#post-award-and-kickoff-meeting)

[<span class="underline">11.0 TTS Transparency
Policy</span>](#tts-transparency-policy)

[<span class="underline">12.0 Clauses</span>](#clauses)

1.0 Instructions
================

Technology Transformation Services’ (TTS) Office of Acquisition (OA)
hereby issues this Request for Quotation (RFQ), under [<span
class="underline">Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR)
8.405-2</span>](https://www.acquisition.gov/far/html/Subpart%208_4.html#wp1091211),
ordering procedures for cloud.gov Third Party Assessment Organizations
(3PAOs) to provide security assessments and reports for an Annual
Assessment, with options for including Significant Change Request
assessments.

The vendor shall submit a quotation in accordance with the instructions,
terms, and conditions of this RFQ, and the terms and conditions of its
GSA Schedule contract. The government intends to award the acquisition
based on initial quotations. Therefore, it is critical your initial
submission is for your best quotation and that you are fully responsive
to the RFQ.

Unless expressly authorized by the RFQ, any quoter planning to make an
exception to a term or condition of the RFQ should consult with the
Contracting Officer (CO) in writing before submitting a quotation.

1.1 Quote Instructions
----------------------

Quotes will only be accepted via the referenced Google Forms below. The
vendor shall complete the [<span class="underline">Technical Response
Google Form</span>](https://goo.gl/forms/qiWbrCa0UuhySRmq1) and [<span
class="underline">Price Response Google
Form</span>](https://goo.gl/forms/C5UOpsfDrA4bcdKw2).

1.2 Questions
-------------

Any questions submitted concerning the RFQ must be submitted using the
issue template in the associated repository no later than **Month, Day,
Year, Time Eastern Time (ET)**. The government will provided responses
to open issues no later than **Month, Day, Time ET**.

2.0 Background
==============

The mission of General Services Administration (GSA), Technology
Transformation Services (TTS) is to transform how the federal government
builds, buys, and uses digital technology to better serve the public.

TTS built [cloud.gov](https://cloud.gov/) to help teams responsible for
delivering federal digital services to operate a fully compliant
Platform as a Service (PaaS). cloud.gov allows your development team to
focus on products that serve other agency’s mission, without needing to
manage the underlying server infrastructure. Additionally, their
built-in compliance support helps customers create the documentation and
continuing assurance necessary for federal services to comply with FISMA
regulations and agency-specific “Authority to Operate” (ATO)
requirements.

To enable cloud.gov to deliver this mission to customer teams across
many federal agencies, cloud.gov participates in the GSA Federal Risk
and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP) as a Cloud Service
Provider. In January 2017, cloud.gov received a FedRAMP Joint
Authorization Board (JAB) Provisional Authority to Operate (P-ATO) at
the Moderate impact level. The FedRAMP program requires annual
re-assessment for all participating Cloud Service Providers, including
annual auditing by an accredited Third Party Assessment Organization
([3PAO](https://www.fedramp.gov/participate/assessors/)).

Statement of Need
------------------

cloud.gov intends to procure services of FedRAMP Accredited Third Party
Assessment Organizations (3PAOs) to:

-   Provide security assessments and reports for an Annual Assessment,
    > with options for including Significant Change Request assessments,
    > for cloud.gov at the JAB Moderate security level. These security
    > assessments must meet all of the requirements of a FedRAMP
    > security assessment.

3.0 Requirements
================

3.1 Third Party Assessment Organization
---------------------------------------

The contractor must be a Third Party Assessment Organization (3PAO) that
meets the following criteria:

-   The 3PAO has completed a Readiness Assessment, Initial Assessment,
    > or Annual Assessment for a FedRAMP PaaS cloud system;

-   FedRAMP categorizes the 3PAO as fully compliant with all [<span
    > class="underline">3PAO
    > standards</span>](https://portal.a2la.org/requirements/A2LA_R311.pdf)
    > promulgated by FedRAMP;

3.2 Performance of Security Assessment and Auditing Services for TTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------

The contractor must assess and audit cloud services in accordance with
the associated FedRAMP baseline for testing of the NIST 800-53 (as
revised) controls, [<span class="underline">FedRAMP 3PAO Obligations and
Performance
Guide</span>](https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/3PAO_Obligations_and_Performance_Guide.pdf),
and [<span class="underline">FedRAMP General Document Acceptance
Criteria</span>](https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_General_Document_Acceptance_Criteria.pdf)
. The contractor must assess and audit controls required by the FedRAMP
Baselines located at [<span
class="underline">https://www.fedramp.gov/templates/</span>](https://www.fedramp.gov/templates/).

### **Scope**

-   These Requirements and Tasks/Deliverables apply to each category. A
    > vendor must be able to satisfy these regardless of the category
    > for which they submit a quote.

-   The contractor is expected to provide the following categories of
    > services:

    -   3.2.3 Annual Assessment

    -   3.2.4 Significant Change Assessment

### **Requirements**

The Contractor must be a Third Party Assessment Organization (3PAO) that
meets the criteria listed under “3.1 Third Party Assessment
Organization”.

The 3PAO must meet all general FedRAMP requirements for 3PAO
responsibilities, as required by the FedRAMP PMO and described in
FedRAMP documentation. This includes documentation at [<span
class="underline">https://www.fedramp.gov/documents/</span>](https://www.fedramp.gov/documents/)
with requirements for the quality of delivered documents and
performance, such as:

-   [<span class="underline">General Document Acceptance
    > Criteria</span>](https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_General_Document_Acceptance_Criteria.pdf)

-   [<span class="underline">3PAO Obligations and Performance
    > Guide</span>](https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/3PAO_Obligations_and_Performance_Guide.pdf)

-   Templates at [<span
    > class="underline">https://www.fedramp.gov/templates/</span>](https://www.fedramp.gov/templates/)

3.2.1 Annual Assessment
-----------------------

### **Scope**

-   Conduct annual security assessment requirements in alignment with
    > FedRAMP requirements.

-   Compile an annual security authorization package update for the
    > system’s Authorizing Official.

### **Requirements**

These security assessments must meet all of the requirements of a
FedRAMP annual security assessment. Specific guidance on what this
entails is located on FedRAMP.gov, including:

-   [<span class="underline">Continuous Monitoring Strategy
    > Guide</span>](https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/CSP_Continuous_Monitoring_Strategy_Guide.pdf)

-   [<span class="underline">Annual Assessment
    > Guidance</span>](https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/CSP_Annual_Assessment_Guidance.pdf)

-   [<span class="underline">Annual Assessment Controls Selection
    > Worksheet</span>](https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/CSP_Annual_Assessment_Controls_Selection_Worksheet.xlsx)

3.2.2 Significant Change Assessment
-----------------------------------

### **Scope**

-   Conduct security assessments of any significant changes as required
    > by the FedRAMP JAB;

-   Compile a security authorization package update based on any
    > significant change assessments.

### **Requirements**

These security assessments must meet all of the requirements of a
FedRAMP security assessment. This includes following the guidance in
FedRAMP documentation, such as:

-   [<span class="underline">Continuous Monitoring Strategy
    > Guide</span>](https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/CSP_Continuous_Monitoring_Strategy_Guide.pdf)

-   [<span class="underline">FedRAMP Significant Change Form
    > Template</span>](https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/templates/FedRAMP-Significant-Change-Form-Template.pdf)

3.3 Deliverables
----------------

The contractor must deliver 3PAO deliverables required by FedRAMP, as
guided by FedRAMP documentation and templates. Additionally, the
contractor is required to provide the following deliverables.

Required deliverables:

| Deliverable                                                                        | Action                                                                     | Due Date                                            |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Annual Assessment Security Assessment Plan                                         | Reviewed by cloud.gov office and sent to FedRAMP Program Management Office | 90 days before January 18, 2019 (October 20, 2018)  |
| Annual Assessment Security Assessment Report                                       | Reviewed by cloud.gov office and sent to FedRAMP Program Management Office | 60 days before January 18, 2019 (November 19, 2018) |
| Significant Change Request Security Assessment Plan and Security Assessment Report | Reviewed by program office and sent to FedRAMP Program Management Office   | Ongoing (as needed)                                 |

4.0 Evaluation Criteria and Basis for Award
===========================================

This procurement is being conducted in accordance with FAR Subpart
[<span
class="underline">8.4</span>](https://www.acquisition.gov/far/html/Subpart%208_4.html#wp1089480),
Federal Supply Schedules. FAR Part [<span
class="underline">15</span>](https://www.acquisition.gov/far/html/Subpart%2015_1.html#wp1095839),
Contracting by Negotiation, procurement procedures are not being
utilized, except procedures within FAR Part [<span
class="underline">15.4</span>](https://www.acquisition.gov/far/html/Subpart%2015_4.html#wp1208365),
Contract Pricing may be utilized, as allowed, for price analysis. All
submissions in response to this RFQ are considered quotations and not
proposals or offers, even if labeled as such. The offerors agree to and
are bound by all instructions, procedures and rules of this RFQ. The
Government is not obligated to determine a competitive range, conduct
discussions, solicit final revised quotations, or use other techniques
associated with FAR Part [<span
class="underline">15</span>](https://www.acquisition.gov/far/html/Subpart%2015_1.html#wp1095839).

The vendor shall submit a quotation in accordance with the instructions
and terms and conditions of this RFQ and the terms and conditions of the
vendor’s GSA Schedule contract.

The final award for this requirement will be based on best-value
principles, utilizing the trade-off process. The Government is more
concerned with obtaining superior technical capabilities than with
making awards at the lowest overall price to the Government. Offerors
are advised that the technical evaluation factors combined are
significantly more important than price. Note that as submissions become
more technically equal in their merit, the total evaluated price becomes
more important.

5.0 Evaluation Process
======================

The Government intends to utilize a phased approach for this procurement
as described below. To be considered for award, offerors must
successfully pass through each phase.

1.  Phase 1: Minimum Requirements - pass / fail

2.  Phase 2: Technical Evaluation and Oral Interview - The Government
    > will evaluate the offeror’s performance or capability
    > acceptability based on the following non-price technical factors
    > which are of equal importance to each other: (1) Technical
    > Understanding and Approach and (2) Similar Experience.

3.  Phase 3: Pricing Schedule - Offeror’s Price as provided in the price
    > quotation received via the Google Form will be reviewed separately
    > from the technical evaluation.

5.1 - Phase 1 Minimum Requirements
-----------------------------------

Minimum requirements are defined as follows. At the time of quote
submission:

-   The 3PAO has completed a Readiness Assessment, Initial Assessment,
    > or Annual Assessment for a FedRAMP PaaS cloud system;

-   FedRAMP categorizes the 3PAO as fully compliant with all [<span
    > class="underline">3PAO
    > standards</span>](https://portal.a2la.org/requirements/A2LA_R311.pdf)
    > promulgated by FedRAMP;

Only quotes deemed as compliant will move on to Phase 2. The quoter
shall submit Compliance Review information via the [<span
class="underline">Technical Evaluation Google
Form</span>](https://goo.gl/forms/qiWbrCa0UuhySRmq1).

5.2 - Phase 2 Technical Evaluation and Oral Interview
------------------------------------------------------

### *Technical Understanding and Approach.*

The offeror shall describe within the [<span class="underline">Technical
Evaluation Google Form</span>](https://goo.gl/forms/qiWbrCa0UuhySRmq1),
level of knowledge, technical expertise and overall understanding of the
requirement as set forth in the PWS, Section 3.0.

-   Briefly describe your approach to performing annual assessment or
    > SCR assessment for the cloud.gov system, including: penetration
    > testing, key security risks you would look for, and any special
    > experience you have in analyzing this type of system. (No need to
    > summarize the routine FedRAMP assessment steps; the government is
    > interested in your thought process for evaluating the security and
    > compliance of this specific system.)

    -   cloud.gov is a PaaS based on the Cloud Foundry and Kubernetes
        > open source projects, heavily automated using tools such as
        > Terraform, BOSH, and Concourse, using Infrastructure as Code,
        > Immutable Infrastructure, and Continuous
        > Integration/Continuous Deployment principles. It is deployed
        > in AWS GovCloud on Linux. It has user documentation publicly
        > available at [<span
        > class="underline">https://cloud.gov/docs/</span>](https://cloud.gov/docs/)
        > including links to open source code at [<span
        > class="underline">https://cloud.gov/docs/ops/repos/</span>](https://cloud.gov/docs/ops/repos/)
        > and other team operations documentation in that section.

### *Similar Experience*

The offeror shall provide at least one example, from private or public
sector, past or current assessments meeting substantially the same size,
scope and complexity of the requirements listed within section 3.0 of
the RFQ. The government will not accept any past experience performed by
the offeror’s parent company, other corporate affiliate, subcontractor
or teaming partner.

At a minimum, provide;

-   Security Assessment Report (SAR) Risk Table findings - two manual
    > findings, two scanner findings

-   Security Assessment Test Case analysis - two rows

The Offeror is allowed to remove identifying information about the Cloud
Service Provider.

5.2.1 Oral Interview
--------------------

| **No.** | **AGENDA ITEM**                                | **MAXIMUM TIME**        |
|---------|------------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| 1       | Introductions                                  | Approximately 5 minutes |
| 2       | Oral Interview                                 | 40 minutes              |
| 3       | Closing Remarks and Frequently Asked Questions | 5 minutes               |

### *Rules*

No part of these oral interviews constitutes discussions as contemplated
in FAR Part 15. For this reason, proposal revisions are not requested
and will not be allowed.  

The oral interview consists of an unstructured question and answer
session on technical factors. The entire oral interview will take place
remotely via video chat and/or teleconference.  

Offerors will not be able to use or present slides, graphs, charts or
any other written presentation materials, including handouts.

### *Content*

During the Oral Interview, the offeror will respond to Government’s
questions related to the technical aspects of the offeror’s proposal.  

Introductions will be used solely for introducing team member names and
roles on both the Government and vendor teams. Time for introductions
will not be allocated to business development purposes.

Although the technical factors are identified in the RFQ, the core
questions are not listed there. Offerors must be prepared to answer
questions about the technical aspects of their respective quotes. The
goal of these presentations is to assess the technical abilities of the
proposed Technical approach to accomplish the objectives of this task.  

This part of the oral interviews will not exceed 40 minutes. The
Contracting Officer will strictly enforce this time limit on all
presentations. There will be no follow-up session for further questions
after this part of the presentation.  

The session will conclude with closing remarks and responses to
questions and answers from offerors.

### *Presentation Location*

Oral Presentations will take place via video chat, though audio may be
substituted as needed. The Government will coordinate and set up the
meeting space accordingly (providing dial-in information or links using
a tool such as Zoom or Appear.in).

### *Presentation Date and Time*

The Government will schedule the date and time of the oral interviews
with each offeror after the solicitation closing date and receiving each
offeror’s quote submission. Time slots will be assigned randomly. The
Government reserves the right to reschedule any offeror’s oral
interviews date at the discretion of the contracting officer.

### *Presentation Participants*

Offerors may include as many participants as are necessary. Offerors
should note that the Government will be asking technical questions
during the oral interview, so non-technical personnel may not need to
attend.  

After the presentations, vendors must email the meeting organizers the
names of everyone who attended.

5.3 - Phase 3 Price Evaluation
-------------------------------

The vendor shall submit a quote either at or below its current GSA
Schedule price. Prices shall be submitted via the [<span
class="underline">Price Evaluation
Form</span>](https://goo.gl/forms/0k0niNqDRJ9WcGDw1). Proposed prices
shall be evaluated for reasonableness and consistency with industry
standards.

Evaluation of options under FAR [<span
class="underline">52.217-8</span>](https://www.acquisition.gov/far/html/52_217_221.html#wp1135887)
will be accomplished by using the prices offered for the last option
period to determine the price for a 6-month option period, which will be
added to the base and other option years to arrive at the total price.
Evaluation of options will not obligate the Government to exercise the
option(s).

The Government also reserves the right to make no award.

6.0 Period of Performance
=========================

The Period of Performance (POP) consists of a Base Year and 4 Option
Years. Actual dates will be provided at time of award.

7.0 Type of Contract
====================

The contract type is a hybrid Firm Fixed Price (FFP) with a Labor Hour
(LH) CLIN.

8.0 Invoicing
=============

The selected vendor must submit invoices on a monthly basis. The vendor
must submit a final invoice at the end of the period of performance
within 60 calendar days from contract completion. No further charges are
to be billed following the final invoice submission. With the submission
of a final invoice, a completed and signed Release of Claims (GSA Form
1142) shall be provided to the CO.

8.1 Content of Invoice
----------------------

The vendor will be provided with the following information when the
acquisition has been awarded:

-   Contract/Order Number

-   Period of Performance covered by the invoice

-   CLIN number and title

-   The Accounting Number Associated with the task order

All of this information must be included on each invoice in addition to
the requirements for a proper invoice specified in FAR [<span
class="underline">52.212-4
(g)</span>](https://www.acquisition.gov/far/html/52_212_213.html#wp1179465)
and the Prompt Payment clause, FAR [<span
class="underline">52.212-4(i)(2)</span>](https://www.acquisition.gov/far/html/52_212_213.html#wp1179465).

8.2 Invoice Submission
----------------------

The vendor is required to submit invoices to GSA Vendor Customer Self
Service (VCSS) and the Contracting Officer Representative (COR). All
invoicing questions can be directed to customer support at 866-450-6588
or the VCSS customer service site [<span
class="underline">https://vcss.ocfo.gsa.gov/</span>](https://vcss.ocfo.gsa.gov/).
GSA TTS is unable to address any questions related to the invoicing
system.

9.0 Administration
==================

This acquisition will be administered by the following individuals, who
will also monitor vendor performance:

1.  GSA Technical Point of Contact: Britta Gustafson

2.  GSA TTS Contracting Officer: Michelle McNellis

3.  GSA TTS Contracting Officer Representative: Will be assigned at time
    > of award

10.0 Post Award and Kickoff Meeting
===================================

10.1 Post Award Orientation Conference
--------------------------------------

The government's team, CO/COR, and the TTS Product Owner will hold a
kickoff meeting/post-award conference with the vendor within 10 calendar
days of the acquisition award. This kickoff will include the vendor’s
team and other relevant government staff to review and clarify the
project’s objectives, expectations from the government, and address any
questions the vendor may have.

10.2 Early Termination
----------------------

Should the task order be terminated prior to the end of the period of
performance, the vendor shall transfer all project materials to the
CO/COR and the TTS Product Owner within two weeks of the CO/COR and the
TTS Product Owner’s request.

10.4 Daily Operations
---------------------

The place of performance will primarily be at the vendor’s work site.

11.0 TTS Transparency Policy
============================

Vendors are advised that TTS reserves the right to publish documents
associated with this requirement on a publicly-available website,
including any Requests for Quotation (including amendments), Question
and Answer exchanges with vendors (source-identifying information
removed), and other relevant information that is not confidential or
proprietary in nature or source selection sensitive information that
would otherwise implicate procurement integrity concerns.

Upon award, TTS may publish the total awarded price and certain
non-source-identifying data (for example, the number of bids, the mean
price, median, and standard deviation of price). During the performance
of this task order, TTS may similarly publish data related to project
management (for example, user stories, milestones, and performance
metrics) and top-line spending data.

11.1 Section 508 Compliance
---------------------------

The contractor shall support the Government in its compliance with
Section 508 throughout the development and implementation of the work to
be performed.

Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended (29 U.S.C.
794d) requires that when Federal agencies develop, procure, maintain, or
use electronic information technology, Federal employees with
disabilities have access to and use of information and data that is
comparable to the access and use by Federal employees who do not have
disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on the agency.
Section 508 also requires that individuals with disabilities, who are
members of the public seeking information or services from a Federal
agency, have access to and use of information and data that is
comparable to that provided to the public who are not individuals with
disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on the agency.

12.0 Clauses
============

**FAR 52.252-1 -- SOLICITATION PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB
1998)**

This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by
reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full
text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text
available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may
include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with
its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those
provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph
identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or
offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed
electronically at this/these address(es): ([<span
class="underline">https://www.acquisition.gov/browsefar</span>](https://www.acquisition.gov/browsefar))

**(End of provision)**

**FAR 52.252-2 -- CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998)**

This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the
same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request,
the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the
full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these
address(es): ([<span
class="underline">https://www.acquisition.gov/browsefar</span>](https://www.acquisition.gov/browsefar))

**(End of clause)**

**FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require
Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation
(JAN 2017)**

**FAR 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal
Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (JAN 2017)**

**GSAR 552.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Items (Feb
2018) (DEVIATION FAR 52.212-4)**

**GSAR 552.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations. (FAR
Deviation Feb 2018)**

**FAR 52.217-8 - Option to Extend Services (Nov 1999)**

The Government may require continued performance of any services within
the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may
be adjusted only as a result of revisions to prevailing labor rates
provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be
exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance
hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may
exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 5
calendar days before the contract expires.

**(End of clause)**

**FAR 52.217-9 - Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (Mar 2000)**

(a) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written
notice to the Contractor within 5 days provided that the Government
gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to
extend at least 15 days before the contract expires. The preliminary
notice does not commit the Government to an extension.

(b) If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall
be considered to include this option clause.

(c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any
options under this clause, shall not exceed 5 years.

**(End of clause)**
